Create ui-c8y-1022-4-13-use-correct-branding-color-variables-for-buttons-and-properly-show-disabled.md (#3515)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1022-4-13-use-correct-branding-color-variables-for-buttons-and-properly-show-disabled.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fix branding color variables for buttons and properly show disabled action bar items

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed branding color variables for buttons and display of disabled action bar items
```

---
date: ""

> title: use correct branding color variables for buttons and properly show disabled action bar items (#9501)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Fix branding color variables for buttons and properly show disabled action bar items
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64046
version: 1022.4.13
---
Co-authored-by: Carlos Ceia <carlos.ceia@cumulocity.com>

> Co-authored-by: Tristan Bastian <tristan.bastian@cumulocity.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Buttons were not using the correct variables defined in the branding. Additionally, disabled action bar items were not properly indicated. The buttons now use the correct branding color variables based on the configured branding, and the disabled action bar items are now visually identifiable as disabled.
```
